[Applause]
hello and welcome to the world-famous
mouth-watering kitchen Ken
the best show in town while we put our
two teams kicking catch of a mighty
mustard in a head-to-head heated kitchen
battle the king of the condiment let's
meet our cooking is cracking believe
your tastebuds
King come on we got some delicious
dishes for you today they'll need more
than a kicking to catch up with us
we're t-take it in ketchup we're the big
dipper's in this competition and we're
gonna serve molding mass of a slice of
humble pie and a dollop of defeat
there's only one way to find out who'll
be cleaning up with the judges and he'll
be cleaning up the dirty dishes let's
get this show on the road
first thing you got to do is roughly
chop up fresh peppers apples and
tomatoes for all the ingredients into a
food processor and rapidly cold until
finely chopped I like the seasoning and
lime juice eating a range of rainbow
foods that are naturally colored critter
vegetables provide you with nutrients
and vitamins that make you healthier be
you think tomatoes and applause as they
are all red food and they help your
heart and your memory but carefully
squeeze another farmer and put it into a
bowl you can mash it with a fork or
potato mash up also you can use lime
juice or pack to take up gradually heat
the olive oil in the frying pan
gently cut the chick in terms of five to
eight minutes or to its barren country
we use chicken and this is a good source
of protein
this can one paired with exercice
promote muscle growth my really small
muscles if you are a vegetarian so they
using chicken or meat you could use rice
or beans instead meanwhile heat the
tortillas according to the pattern
instruction but tortillas and I made our
example carbohydrates
they're important part of our diet but
you don't want to eat too many because
they give you a lot of energy finally
fill your 2tr with the general semantics
of things and then roll it up and eat
until you're satisfied doc tip if you
like the fajitas spicy try to some
jalapeno peppers
[Music]
and finally Bon Appetit
both teams dishes were delicious
scrumptious and divine the judges have
been thinking about this for a long time
the judges have decided they both tasted
equally fabulous so
[Applause]